""
""
"It makes me feel warm, and reminds of my childhood."
""
"It is pretty neutral, maybe some happiness childhood like."
"It makes me feel happy and at ease, as if nothing in the world could stress or concern me, and only the current moment matters."
"Naturalistic, and fresh"
The painting makes me feel somewhat calm.
nostalgic
It makes me feel calm and immersed. I can remember many times being in the same setting as the painting. It brings a lot memories of the late spring.
Happy
"Happy, prosperity."
I feel joy and calm.
"The painting makes me feel warm, happy, and content with my life. A feeling of the lack of distraction produced by the isolation of the pleasing location and cozy lighting."
It makes me feel calm
"This painting makes me feel girly. I feel like I would have a picnic with friends in pretty fancy dresses, eating gourmet cakes and deserts."
This painting make me feel calm and quiet. Everything feel soft and slow. It make my brain rest a little.
"Calm and happy, amazed at nature"
"Bright, lively, comfortable, peaceful "
Happy and content
A sense of calm and very content
"Happy, serene, calm. Feels like a place where I can sit and enjoy for hours on end, while reading a book, enjoying the occasional short lived company of the pedestrians, and leave as the sun sets :)"
refreshed
"It makes me feel like it is midsummer, with pollen and insects all around, and the heat is intense."
"This painting make me feel like I can sit down and take in the breeze enjoying the world for what it is without worrying about being an active participant. Like I can pause and look around at the world carefree, with the sense the world will keep going no matter what happens. It brings back nostalgic but happy feelings of being a child."
Refreshed and relaxed
Happy and calm
"relaxed, hopeful with spring vibes"
"Calm, breezy, content."
Happy and Calm
"happy, lively"
"Very at ease, immersed in nature, hopeful, optimistic."
"Bright, it's daytime in the painting, happy "
"It makes me feel calm and relaxed, like taking a quiet pause from everything else. The scene feels gentle and soothing, encouraging slow breathing and stillness."
This painting awakens memories from my childhood.
"This gives me a Spring vibe, with peaceful feelings. "
"Makes me feel happy, joyful and appreciative"
"Excited, Bright, immersed and aroused"
"Calm, spring, warm."
reflective and sleepy
"It makes me feel airy and light, I feel like anything is possible. "
"Energetic, Happy, Intrigued"
"This painting appears serene on the surface, yet it evokes a deeper sense of unease within me. I persistently feel that this tranquility is merely an illusion, concealing a turbulent undercurrent beneath."
"It makes me feel calm, warm, relaxed, and peaceful."
"Soft, warm, easy, relax, freash, slow"
"energetic, happy, stunned by beauty in nature"
"Calm, gentle, cheery"
"It makes me feel lost in a fairy garden. This painting give an immense sense of calm and imagination in an alternate universe. The painting is filled with lively fresh plants and clean water, with a slight human touch of a bridge blending well with the environment. These characteristics makes the painting hopeful and dreamy. The excessive plants and lily pads in the waters remind me of sacred ground and natures secret spot where the elves would take their evening bath. Also looking at the painting I can recall a scene of a disney princess fairy tale where the princess would wander in the woods and attract friendly animals due to the forgiving and kind nature of the forest."
"happy, content, joyous"
It makes me feel nostalgic. I'm reminded of some particular halcyon days in my life. 
Happy
I feel nothing looking at this painting. Genuinely nothing kinda weird. 
"Wistful, nostalgic, contemplative, amazed"
This painting makes me feel calm and upbeat.  It has a very calm setting with many bright and vibrant colours. This painting makes me feel very peaceful and at ease. 
very happy and relaxed
"It makes me feel calm and relaxed, like taking a break from everything. Nothing feels rushed, and it’s easy to just sit and look at it."
"Makes me feel very calm, like a meditative piece. A sense of serenity. "
serene
"Peaceful, Happy, Calm, Tranquility"
"This just makes me feel calm, as with one with nature. "
"The painting makes me feel carefree, safe, and grateful. It feels like there is nothing to worry about, no stress."
"It makes me feel joyful, peaceful, and happy."
"This painting makes me feel calm, tranquil, at peace and free of worries. I do not feel any pressure and I see life as a beautiful, yet calm, symphony of nature."
It doesn't really make me feel anything. It is like a normal view.
Warm Intense and optimistic.
"Feel I am having a leisure walk in the park, calm"
real happy and serene. I feel like I can smell the fresh flowers. 
Comfortable
He made me feel relaxed and calm. I felt my anxiety disappear.
"This painting makes me feel calm and relaxed. The soft colors and gentle reflections feel peaceful, like a quiet moment where everything slows down. It gives a soothing, comforting feeling and makes me want to just pause and enjoy the stillness."
"Content, comfortable."
"Happy, relaxed, and pleased."
peaceful and serene
"I feel a sense of harmony and freshness when looking at this. The way the bridge gently arches over the water connects the viewer to the scene, making it feel welcoming. It reminds me of a cool summer day, evoking a feeling of balance between nature and structure."
"Joyful, midsummer, sweet."
It makes me feel calm and relaxed.
Joyful
Calm and chill and peaceful
"Make me feel nice and refresh, light after seeing that beautiful spring scene."
very calm and peaceful 
happy 
"This painting makes me feel like it is spring, a season when everything becomes active again. The colors feel fresh and bright, as if nature is waking up after a long rest. It gives the feeling of new beginnings, growth, and renewal. The scene feels calm but also full of life, making me think about how everything is slowly being reborn and moving forward."
It makes me happy and feel beautiful. It gives calmness and peace. 
"happy, at peace"
"The painting makes me feel calm, peaceful, and delicate."
"This painting makes me feel peaceful and relaxed. The scene is full of soft greens and gentle light, and it feels like a quiet place far away from busy life. The reflections and the slightly blurred details give it a dreamy quality, as if everything is slowly breathing in warm air. It makes me think of taking a slow walk, having time to pause and just look around. Overall, it feels calm, soothing, and a little bit nostalgic, like a memory of a quiet afternoon in nature."
Fresh and mesmerised
happy 
Feels like walking in a garden during spring.
Makes me feel like spring is here
"Relaxed, at peace with myself, excited."
"Happy, warm"
"I feel happy because it seems like it's good weather, and reminds me of a good day with your family having a picnic in the park, and you get to explore the park with your siblings or family friends. It also makes me feel warm because I can imagine the sun shining down, since everything is enveloped in a warm light."
"Makes me feel peaceful, calm and relaxed and very soothing. "
"It makes me feel calm, like I'm resting by a pond on a sunny day listening to birds chirping."
"happy, peaceful, content"
"This makes me feel refreshed and energized, as well as calm."
captivated and impressed
Calm
"Happy, light"
"calm, reminiscent, notsalgic, tranquil, peaceful"
Happy and warm
"Happy, calm, natural"
happy
It makes me feel warm and peaceful. I want to lie down on the ground and sleep after seeing the painting.
The bright colours makes me feel content. 
"Relaxed, appreciative, happy"
It makes me feel calm and serene and happy.
"Calm, content"
feel calm and bright
"content, "
it feels refreshing and also invokes positive emotion
fresh
Give a feeling of spring
It makes me feel calm. It gives me the sense of thriving.
"Joyful, positive, calm, peaceful"
"calm, at peace"
"I feel that I'm in the middle of the woods, inhaling fresh air."
This painting makes me feel incredibly relaxed and peaceful. It feels like taking a deep breath of fresh air in a quiet garden. The soft focus reminds me of a pleasant memory from a holiday.
relaxed and calm
"happy, relaxed"
在静谧无扰的环境中，我独自漫步，欣赏着艳丽的睡莲。此时此刻，被盛开的睡莲环绕，仿佛开启了一段孤独的探索之旅，却收获了丰厚的回报。
Freshness. Calm. Warmth. Refreshing. Like the shining sun. Relaxing. Peaceful.
"This painting makes me want to recycle more often. I feel disdain for the way human-kind has polluted environments like these, poisoning wildlife with toxins and brainrot. While this painting depicts a scenery that one would typically imagine to be existant, it is missing the garbage and plastic waste that would realistically be found. I believe it describes human's effect on the environment when the painting of nature, is how it looked like before we found it."
"This painting makes me feel calm and relaxed. It doesn’t evoke strong emotions, but it’s very beautiful and peaceful to look at."
"calm, serendipidous"
inspired
Calm and at peace
confortable
Happy
"calm, pleasant, peaceful, happy, warm"
It makes me feel warm and peaceful. The colors and gentle flow bring a cozy childhood summer vibe.
Super relaxed
The painting makes me feel calm and at peace. It also feels quiet and slow and gives a feeling of comfort through its stillness.
"happy, green"
"it feels like a chill spring afternoon at the back of a big house, family members gather around and have teas and desserts. "
Calm. Walking next to the pond in a spring afternoon with good sunlight. Simply enjoying the beauty of the nature and time.
"Content, joyful."
It makes me feel relaxed and happy!
"This painting fills me with joy, its bright, warm colors creating an immersive view. I feel encapsulated by the sun’s rays, experiencing a peaceful moment of bliss within a wonderland."
"peaceful, bright, fragrant, calm"
This painting makes me feel happy and curious about nature.
"slightly excited, warm, and whimsical"
"calm, enjoy"
Content
"Very happy, content, calm"
"this painting makes me feel hopeful, enlighted, but a little concerned"
"It makes me feel warm, relaxed and happy. "
"happy, whimsy, nice"
"Makes me feel happy, it looks like a nice memory. I can feel the breeze."
I feel peaceful and content. I feel like singing a song and enjoying beautiful weather.
Queasy
I feel very bright and uplifting.
"calm, full of life"
"This painting gives me a vibrant yet peaceful atmosphere. It exudes the feeling of spring, bringing a sense of tranquility and ease. Looking at this painting makes me feel relaxed and more positive."
I feel pleasant and overjoyed.
"Calm, melancholic, relaxed."
happy and peaceful. how you feel when you take in scenery at the peak of a hike.
"This paining makes me feel happy, and free."
"Comforted and warm, but melancholy because I'll soon awaken and leave the dream behind"
"Calm, peaceful, warm, playful"
energetic
The painting makes me feel energized and happy. It makes me feel like going outside for a walk sitting down for a picnic.
"This painting makes me feel joyful and nostalgic, longing for the innoncence of childhood."
"peaceful and refreshed, calm but also energized and cheerful."
"This painting feels unrealistic because it is too peaceful to be true. The bridge and the greens make this feel like the setup in a fairy tale. The greens seem to point towards the centre of the bridge, which can be a connection between two important people."
"Very calm, content, and free."
This painting makes me feel serene and calm. 
"It makes me feel at peace and warm, like I'm standing under the sun. "
Happy and peaceful
"This painting makes me feel happy, calm, warm. "
It feels full of life.
"Wonderful! The background is teeming with every shade of green, and the ever-approaching greenery makes the scene come to life despite the sense of complacency I sometimes get from artwork depicting scenery."
"This painting makes me feel happy, calm and peaceful"
"The image evokes a sense of calmness, stillness, and nostalgia, almost to the point of but not necessarily at the edge of staleness. The frozen time make it feel idyllic and restful, and the painting is perhaps a little bittersweet with its reminiscence. "
"relaxed and warm, like im sunbathing in a forest during summer"
"On a beautiful and leisurely summer day, go to a deserted and fresh-air park with a few friends or family members to have a picnic and take photos. Everyone enjoys an unexpected and relaxing vacation together."
"Relaxed, at peace."
The painting makes me feel bright and happy.
"This painting makes me feel old, nostalgic, and peaceful."
"This painting makes me feel happy, as if it were a bright sunny day."
The painting makes me feel overwhelmed by the colours.
"joyful, energized"
Easy and relax 
Bright and cheerful
"Happy and relaxed, like laying in the grass under the sun."
"I feel peaceful and calm when looking at this painting. The colors are light and fit together so the art appears natural and easy to look at. The plants appear to be moving with a cool breeze, which adds to the serenity of the piece."
"This painting makes me joyful and happy. It fills me with hope and makes me look forward to the day. Actually, it just made my day."
It makes me feel very happy and light. It reminds me of sunshine and nature in a beautiful way. It is also very calming to look at.
It's very vibrant so it feels happier than some of the other paintings but also louder.
I felt relaxed and happy; the bright scenery made me feel joyful and energetic.
Peaceful and a bit sleepy
Make me feel pretty happy
"I love this painting, this painting gives me the warm, calming, bird chipping, joyful, peaceful and I can feel the sun shining on my body. I feel like I am in the painting, smelling the lotus flower, is a nice sunday afternoon in spring where I am taking a walk in the park, and I saw this view. I feel really relaxing with this painting. "
"Very peaceful, connected to the Earth"
This painting makes me feel at peace and relaxed. It makes me feel like I have nothing to worry about and that I should take things slow.
"sunny day, fresh air, i can even smell the air"
"This one makes me feel peaceful and refreshed, like my brain finally got a chance to breathe.

 "
Energized
Cozy
It makes me relaxed and peaceful without any sense of urgency and pressure.
"I feel fresh, warm, and excited for what is yet to come.  "
I feel warmth and tranquility with hints of childlike excitement.
"This painting makes me feel profoundly peaceful and relaxed. The soft, dappled colors and gentle reflections in the water create a meditative atmosphere. Looking at it feels like taking a deep breath of fresh garden air. It evokes a sense of harmony with nature and a desire to sit quietly and enjoy the simple beauty of the natural world."
at peace and warm. Happy and playful with child-like joy
"A tranquil, natural, and leisurely life in my twilight years. In a secluded garden, on a lazy afternoon, I caught a glimpse of it, and so it remained etched in my memory"
"it feels relaxing and revitalizing, but also very still"
Chill and hopeful
"calm, at peace, cliche"
"Very pleasant, warm, makes me unconsciously smile.

This painting can lighten up my mood."
"Happy, energetic, peaceful but in a vibrant way."
"Calm and serenity. The water with the scenery just reminds me of nature and exploring the outdoors, and definitely brings back fond and calm memories walking around trails with families and friends."
This painting makes me feel calm and content.
"Happy, melancholic and warm"
"light, imaginative"
Calm and peaceful
"This painting makes me feel relaxed, maybe slightly sleepy."
This painting makes me feel joyful and relaxed.
It makes me feel peaceful.
"This painting makes me feel extremely calm and peaceful, as if I’ve stepped into a quiet and beautiful world where everything feels gentle and harmonious. The soft colors and flowing atmosphere create a sense of relaxation and emotional comfort, making life seem slow, simple, and serene. It feels so perfect and soothing that it almost seems impossible to exist in reality, like an ideal place free from stress or pressure. Looking at it gives me a sense of happiness and stillness, as if everything in the world is good and peaceful within this scene."
This makes me feel calm like I should be reminded of how lucky I am to have the life I have and how beautiful the world is
""
""
""
""
""
""
Tranquil
"This painting makes me feel joyful and safe, as I feel cushioned by a beautiful and comfortable nature enclosing. The art style and the colours make the setting very pleasing to look at, so much that I am excited to see more of some similar paintings. "
Tranquil
It makes me feel calm.
"happy, hopeful, free"
"This painting makes me feel relaxed, happy, and grateful."
"Tranquil and at peace, it feels like Im outside and happy, content with my life and enjoying every moment."
eased
Romantic
"This painting makes me feel relaxed, and calm."
"This painting makes me feel at peace, relaxed, and calm."
It feels like a garden from a children's storybook. I feel relaxed and want to explore
peaceful 
"It makes me feel happy, it makes me feel like life is blooming, good things exist and nature is beautiful. There is beauty in everything"
Happy
It makes me feel calm and at peace
Calm and happy
peaceful
"Happy, Relaxed, Chill, Calm, Tranquil, Equanimous, Peaceful, Blissful"
"It made me feel calm and appreciative of nature, the scenery is simple yet beautiful. "
happy
Good
"calm , relaxed, warm"
"it makes me feel really happy and calm, it's a very beautiful painting so a little awe inspiring as well."
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
Calm and Relaxed
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
Uplifting and happy.
Calm and soothing.
"The painting makes me feel fresh, delightful and positive."
"I was overwhelmed by all the green.

 "
"Calm, content, relaxed, safe, comfortable."
Happy
"Peaceful, happy, and at ease."
I feel calm
Warm and quiet 
"At a pond, calm"
Busy
like i am taking a stroll in the park
"it makes me feel very nostalgic, reminds me of my childhood. "
Beautiful and content and relaxed and happy
The painting makes me feel happy and motivated
"happy, fresh"
"It makes me feel happy, relaxed"
"happy, alive, joyful"
"This serene scene fills me with peace and joy; the lush greens and gentle reflections make me feel calm, rejuvenated, and connected to nature."
Happy and hopeful. It makes me reflect on all the little things in life and what brings me joy. It also makes me calm.
Happy
This painting makes me feel warm and at peaceful.
The painting makes me feel happy and relaxed as I enjoy familiar vibrant colours and an atmosphere that is reminiscent of good times.
"Calm, like i can rest and observe the world around me, and content to be present in the scene. "
It makes me feel calm and zen.
"Safe, happy."
"calm, relaxed, at ease, appreciative"
Peaceful
This painting felt really calm to me since there was not much going on. It was just a pond and the lighting used was very bright.
relief
"Happy, warm"
warm
it feels calm
"relaxed, whimsical, pretty, joyful"
relaxed and calm.
Happy And Calm
pretty cozzy
It makes me feel joyed.
calm
Nothing
"calm, relieved, makes me want to go to the park"
"Calm, hopeful, dreamy, and relaxed"
Calm
"Calm, peaceful, serene"
"happy, calm, peaceful, admiration, serene"
Calm and light
happy
Happy
happy and warm in the summer/spring
"Relax, peaceful and serene. Like resting on the deck chair in a garden or a park, spending time reading on a lovely peaceful tranquil afternoon."
"This painting makes me feel happy. It feels peaceful, like the magical world where everthing will be alright. I feels a little strange that there is no subject, just a bridge, but it exemplifes a solemn beauty."
"bright, happy"
Full of vitality
No emotion.
This painting makes me feel adventurous and connected to nature.
dazed
"happy, i like the pretty natural colours and vibe it gives off"
Happy; melancholic.
Calm and joyous
This makes me feel happy and relaxed. It feels almost magical like a fantasy world. Like I'm alone in a beautiful world full of sunshine and flowers. It makes me feel warm on the inside. It reminds me of childhood and makes me feel like I want to live carefree again. 
Relaxed and slightly up-beat
The painting makes me feel nostalgic for casual walks of summer.
"Calm, serene, happy."
nothing
"Lively, joyful, content."
Makes me feel in peace like I took a breath of fresh air.
Happy and lively 
This painting makes feel happy. It makes me feel like I can see vibrant colors again. It energizes me as well.
lifely
This painting gives a feeling of liveliness with the sprouting colours and makes me feel happy. 
"It makes me feel calm and serene, evokes a sense of utopia and a trance-like state. "
"This painting makes me feel peaceful and relaxed. It feels quiet, gentle, and refreshing."
Happy
Nostalgic
Like I want to stand on that bridge or find some small grassy hill to sit down on.
This painting makes me feel extremely happy and content as it beautifully expresses the best time of the year for me.
incredibly relaxed
"happy, joy, hopeful, magical, dreamy"
This painting makes me feel happy. It brings me a comforting vibe. This painting is unexciting though. It does not give me any direction.
Calm and peaceful
Happy - like I have something to look forward to.
Happy
"It makes me feel relaxed and peaceful. I feel like I could sit and look at it for a long time without getting tired. It gives off a gentle, quiet happiness."
"Happy, dreamy."
Good
"Happy, warm, nostalgic"
At ease
"It makes me feel calm and relaxed, like being outside when it’s quiet and warm. I get the sense of just standing there and taking a breath, not really thinking about anything stressful. It reminds me of being around nature and just enjoying the moment."
Joyful and calm
It makes me feel calm.
It makes me feel happy and fresh.
relaxed 
"It makes me feel 'meh'. It just looks like a picture, meant to replicate real life. "
"A deep sense of calm. Like honestly it really destresses me. The painting makes me to jump into it instead of living in the middle of snow storm right now. Also it gives off sort of a feeling of lost too, knowing that the garden won't last for ever. Eventually it's all going to go back to nature, or be redeveloped, or something else. "
"When I look at this painting, I feel like I am in a big movie. The green garden is very pretty, but I feel like it is a secret place where a big story is starting."
"Sunshine, going outside, and exploring"
Calm and soothed
In a calm relaxed mood and makes me want to go on a day walk with a friend or lover and enjoy nature
Comfortable and relaxed
joyful and happy
Relax chill feel like sitting by the pond
"Happy, calm and hopeful"
happy
"happy, its very vibrant "
"It makes me feel calm and relaxed. The soft colours feel peaceful, like a quiet moment where everything slows down."
peaceful
"Looking at it, I feel calm and relaxed. The colors are soft and gentle. The scene feels peaceful and quiet. There is a sense of balance and stillness, with a subtle feeling of movement in the details. Overall it makes me feel serene and focused."
This painting makes me feel like I am enjoying a calm and uneventful sunny evening next to a river/lake.
Very happy and jolly. The various bright colors make the mood extremely positive and joyful. 
"This painting makes me feel soothing, peaceful and relaxed. "
It makes me feel serene and gives me a sense of calmness. 
"Makes me feel nostalgic, and at peace."
This painting makes me feel happy because it makes me think of fun summer trips with friends and family.
"happy, hopeful, romantic."
This painting makes me feel excited 
"Hopeful, filled with life"
Happy and calm
Makes me feel comfortable and safe to take a nap without worrying about assignments
"satisfactory, calm, grateful"
"Happy, excited, calm, and still."
Put a smile on my face. The painting is very appealing and reminds me of happy times.
"Feels calm, serene, peaceful, lively, and quiet."
"Melancholy, Longing, Overwhelmed, Aching, but with hints of optimism and gratitude. Like waiting for someone you miss but the knowledge of their return in the future someday keeps you going."
"feel warm, peaceful"
"Cheerful and bright, fulfilled with myself."
Calm
vibrant
"It makes me feel happy and upbeat, but it makes me feel a bit weird since there aren’t any people or animals there, even though it looks like there should be"
Vibrant
"Calm, and peace"
Calm and happy
energetic
happy and relaxed
it makes me feel very calm and adventurous. I would want to go exploring as it makes me feel curious
"Happy, I want to go take a walk."
Happy
calm
"Calm, happy, nostalgic, at peace, subdued, reflective."
Lively
Calm 
"Calm, serene, peaceful"
Makes me feel at peace with nature.
"peaceful, amazed, admiration, calmness, longing, appreciation"
"It makes me feel relaxed and content. The soft colors and flowing brushstrokes give a peaceful, almost meditative feeling."
The painting sort of lighten up my moods.
happy
"Happy, bright, joy."
"Don't feel much, cool painting I guess. "
feels like a regular painting. maybe calm.
"Comfortable, as in I want to be there physically "
It makes me feel plesant and rejuvenated.
"relaxed, happy, grateful"
Happy and Hopeful
This painting makes me feel joyful.
calm and happy
Happy.
happy and calm
warm and peaceful.
"Happy, smily, content, amazing"
"Calm, at peace, content"
"light, free, happy. Calm "
"It makes me feel pretty happy. Its bright , there is a lot of nice green grass and trees. Even the river (if that's what it is) covered in greens looks pleasant as well. Overall it just gives me a nice bright and happy feeling. "
"Warm. Like it's a nice summer day. It's hot, but the slight breeze that is flowing through keeps it from being uncomfortable."
"Happy and calm, I like the peaceful river and bridge. Nature too :)"
"this is giving like fantasy dreamlike vibe, makes me happy"
Happy and at peace
it makes me feel calm and content.
This painting makes me feel happy and cheerful. It makes me feel calm and lively.
Calm
Cheerful and enlighted
"Calm, happy excited"
"It makes me feel calm and relaxed. Peaceful, gentle, and quietly happy."
"It feels like a serene, timeless escape. The lush textures and soft light create a sense of deep tranquility and quiet wonder."
"happy, longing"
happy
"This painting makes me feel calm and quietly absorbed. The soft blending of colors and gentle repetition creates a soothing rhythm, like a slow breath."
"It makes me feel open, happy and pleasant."
"peace, serenity, quiet, relaxed, content, comfort, casual, light, cheery"
bored
"Calm, at ease"
"Calm, Happy"
This painting invokes feelings of nostalgia. 
This painting makes me feel happy and excited like a hot summer day coming back from soccer practice (a childhood experience for me) with my family and getting ice Capps. There would be a light breeze to cool you down. Something that would make me cry tears of joy.
Free
"Positive, upbeat, reminiscent "
"This painting makes me feel calm and relaxed. It feels peaceful, like a quiet moment in nature where everything slows down."
"peaceful, content, happy"
"Felt warm, nostalgic, pure, and romantic."
kind of overwhelmed. There’s a lot of intense color here. While the view looks nice to look at the painting shows it in a very intense way. 
Calm
Ethereal and happy
"It makes me feel calm, and appreciative of the beauty conveyed through the painting. It makes me feel as if I want to be in the painting itself. "
Appreciation for the beautiful scenery nature can provide.
calm
"Not much of a feeling, it's very beautiful but I can't seem to get a feeling out of it."
This painting makes me feel happy.
peaceful
It makes me feel calm and peaceful.
energetic
Peaceful
"It made me feel sort of happy as I like looking at pictures with greenery, I would definitely want to go where ever that picture is taken"
This painting makes me feel nostalgic for summer and gives me positive energy. It makes me feel happy when I look at it.
This painting makes me feel calm.
Lively and calm. Feeling easy and happy.
calm
"at rest, nostalgic, peaceful, quiet"
This painting makes me feel at ease and very peaceful. It's also very uplifting and makes you want to go for a walk and appreciate the environment. 
This painting makes me feel very happy and calm and makes me feel gratitude for the life I live and the beauty of our world. 
Somewhat joyful. 
It has a beautiful scenery with alot of detail
A sense of calm and happiness. Very beautiful
It makes me feel content and calm
joyous
calm
Makes me feel like a young kid running through a field
Positive. Hopeful. Curious. Beauty. Running water. stream. sound. motion. 
"The painting makes me feel cheerful. It makes me feel nostalgic and happy in some way. Reminds me of brighter things, and happy moments in my life looking at this. Possibly even makes me ponder of a vibrant future. "
"happy, inspired, good, bubbly, curious, active, pretty, fairytale, dreamy"
It makes me feel happy and content.
This painting makes me feel happy. The warm tones and setting are very pleasing to the eye. 
calm/ serene/ tranquil
tranquil
neutral
"Pleasant since it showcases the beauty of spring during daytime, and lots of green and nature, and water as well."
"Cleansed, sweet, relaxed. "
"alive, tranquil, meditative"
"Joyful, nostalgic, happy."
lost
Calm
joyful
"It makes me feel happy, safe, and relaxed."
"When I look at this painting, it makes me feel remorseful in a weird way. Like as if I have crossed a bridge without knowing the way forward and there is no way back."
"Tragedy is not the end, but the beginning of hope."
Nothing
It makes me reminisce about walks with my family through gardens.
happy but lonely
The painting makes me feel tranquility and peace with the world. It makes me feel disconnected from society and the responsibilities I uphold for the moment.
the warmth of the summer
"calm, soothing, spirited, energized, bloom, peaceful, warm, cozy."
Happy
"This painting makes me feel at peace, as if I'm right there in nature."
It feels as if i am floating on water and i can feel the movement of the fish beneath me
"This painting makes me feel calm and relaxed. The soft colors and gentle brushstrokes create a peaceful atmosphere that feels slow and quiet. It gives me a sense of balance and comfort, as if time has slowed down and I can simply observe without feeling any pressure. Overall, it feels soothing and reflective rather than emotionally intense."
"If feels a little bit too stuck. It feels like I am surrounded by lots of bushes, not being able to see or breathe well. "
The painting makes me feel reflective and passionate.
"very tranquil, appreciative, at peace, and just happy overall"
tranquil 
"This painting makes me feel happy. The bright colours (green and yellow) bring me comfort. Moreover, the bridge over the still pond is calming. The immense amount of agriculture shows life and prosperity. The large background of trees shows the preservation of wildlife which has important value to me. "
"Feel calm, it's a good painting of nature "
"Im sitting at the bank of a river next to a pond near my house. I'm alone. Got there on my bike. The sunny, barely any clouds, and I'm staring down the river. I can feel the sun on my back, the dried grass under my legs. There's nothing but me, the river, and the cry of a cricket. I'm happy."
"calm, happy"
This picture makes me feel the happiness and enjoyment associated with summer and the feeling of enjoying summer in high school and walking along the stream with my friends and crossing a bridge over the stream which led to a pond to get to the soccer field or the basketball court.
it makes me feel happy because of how beautiful nature can be and how lucky we are to enjoy it.
Serene and calm
Nostalgic. It reminds me how I used to feel so protected as a child free to be whatever I want and free to do whatever I can. 
I feel happy looking at this and want to go for a picnic.
"This painting makes me feel happy and awake. I also feel excited and anticipatory, not in an overwhelming way but in a content and nostalgic way. "
This painting makes me feel happy.
It makes me feel joyful and filled with hope and happiness with all the bright colours and the bridge feeling like it's a symbol of a way forward. The blooming flowers on the lily pads also make me happy and content and symbolizes a new beginning for me. 
Calm yet happy.
"Calm, present, in light, zealous about my day, beautiful"
"i feel warm, like a nice day where i should head outside to enjoy the sun"
The painting is very peaceful and relaxing because of the serene and tranquil setting within nature. It makes me feel content and sleepy. 
happy
It makes me feel calm and content
feels like i wanna go take a walk
Happy and joyful with the bright colours and flowers
"Makes me feel calm, content and relaxed"
"Calm, at ease, pleasant."
it makes me feel calm and admire the beauty for the pond.
"This painting makes me feel calm and content, happy with the simple things in life."
Happy
"I feel so at peace, but I know that there's a lot of chaos in the picture. Not only the process of drawing it, but also the process of the ecosystem itself. Why does mankind stand about nature, even though we could never fight it? What type of shadow do we cast such that even the path under us clears. "
It makes me feel relaxed and happy
"Comfortable, serene"
Calm and relaxed
calm
Full of liveliness
"Pretty nice, I like forest and hiking"
serene
Calm and naturely
a happy and comforting feeling
calm
"Peaceful, happy, content, relaxed"
Calm
"Calm and content, happy due to the greenery."
The painting makes me feel wonder and hope
Joy and relaxation.
This painting makes me feel happy
This painting makes me feel warm and new birth of everything.
makes me feel nonchalant 
Makes me feel very calm and relaxed as it gives summery vibes and happiness and nature.
