""
""
Woozy
s
"It makes me feel really happy because i have good memories linked to this painting. It is also nostalgic, and calm. A sense of wonder and imagination."
"It makes me feel calm and in awe, as if I were transported to a more soothing parallel universe."
"Dreamy, Unrealistic, Calm"
"Makes me feel calm, reminiscent of staring at the moon on a dark night."
"calm, serene"
"It makes me feel hopeful for the future, and brings something ethereal out of the ordinary."
Entranced
I feel like I’m in a dream.
I fell lonely and wonder.
The painting makes me feel calm. It reminds me of quietness as if the quiet streets and the sky swirl around when I have an alone-time to myself. The amount of noise I ingest from the world is reduced by the blurriness of the details.
The painting makes me feel peaceful.
This painting makes me happy. Just like after a good day of having fun with friends.
"This painting make me feel strong but also calm. Sky look moving and alive. It feel big and emotional, like thinking too much at night."
Amazed and stunned by the beauty of the universe
"Sorrow, dreamlike, loneliness "
Makes me feel small and insignificant yet calm and serene 
 A bit uneasy because the sky above the city is so disturbing in a sense 
"mystical and magical, yet surreal"
happy
"It makes me feel that the scene looks calm on the surface, but there is a sense of hidden tension underneath, like the view you see when walking down the street while slightly drunk."
"Like I am back in my childhood, where dreams and imagination are all that make up my thoughts, and the idea of exploring the unknown is my greatest interest. I feel as if I am both excited and at peace to see the world for all its beauty."
Relaxed and dreamy.
Chaotic and scared
mirrors spiralling thoughts inside a calm facade
Curious.
Very calm and peaceful. IT makes me feel relaxed
"Peaceful, tired"
This painting makes feel nostalgic and at peace.
"It makes me feel a sense of wonder from the vivid swirls of stars in the sky, and at the beauty of the night sky conveyed by the artists technique. "
"The movement in the scene feels alive, as if the world is constantly shifting and breathing, which creates a sense of emotional intensity. It feels expressive and emotional, but not hopeless."
feel nothing
Makes me feel very dreamy and dazzling. 
It makes me feel somewhat sad and overwhelmed. 
intrigued
Calm and peace.
Dreamy and serene
"It makes me feel thoughtful, wishful, and dreamy. "
"Calm, Interested, Drawn"
"This painting calms me, letting go of distracting thoughts, leaving me to quietly appreciate the beauty."
"It makes me feel anxious, excited, at awe, cold, and nostalgic."
It feels lonely.
peaceful and wonder
"This picture made me feel emotional and intense, a bit on edge even"
"The painting makes me feel joyful as if met with the ecstatic smile of children. The painting portrays a calm and playful nature as the colours surround the sun and use of bright colours pop the painting. Especially, the painting feels inclusive and very secure. There stands a huge bolder or tree that stands as the ""guardian"" for the little houses and the villages below. Thus, this portrays a sense of protection of the village by the big tree and sun. Also the cloud or stars wrapping around the sun gives amazing harmony on the sky and creates a celebration."
"hopeful but sad, cold, eery"
The painting makes me feel calm and at ease. It envelopes me in a cool atmosphere. 
It makes me feel in awe.
"Painting makes me feel pretty happy. I feel like I'm sitting on top of a grassy hill, finally content with where I'm at in life. "
"Happy, calm, contemplative, wistful"
"This painting makes me feel a combination of chaos and melancholy.  It has elements which evoke a sense of calm as well as elements that bring a sense of stress and tension for what is to  come.   Overall, it feels like a balance between anxiety and sadness."
dreamy and flowy
"It makes me feel emotional but in a good way. There’s a lot going on, but it still feels kind of comforting and familiar. Feels like when you’re looking at the sky when you can’t sleep."
"This piece makes me feel a sense of wonder. The ""starry skies"" feel like a cosmic storm, some other awe-inspiring event. But the perspective, behind away from the town, on some hill alone also invokes a sense of solitude and loneliness. "
Melancholic.
"Wonder, Awe, Amazement, Joy"
"It makes me feel as though time has stopped. Everything seems to be flowing, yet frozen at the same moment, creating a strange mix of movement and stillness."
"Makes me feel wistful, hopeful, nostalgic. It makes me feel cold but comforted."
This painting makes me feel a bit melancholic and emotinal
"This painting makes me understand the eccentric side of art. I feel all knowing, connected with the skies and see patterns in the natural world better."
"It makes me feel somber and calm, with nostalgia."
Feel dreamy.
"It makes me feel it is a clear night sky, and it makes me feel comfortable sleeping on my bed when looking at the sky"
A longing for something. A yearning for change. Seeing the beauty in something no one else can see.
Impressive
"I felt a nauseous sensation, like after motion sickness, accompanied by a dizziness from seeing light and shadow. However, the contrast of colors gave me a sense of peace."
"It gives me mixed feelings because it’s really beautiful, with bright colors and the spiral, but at the same time it feels a bit confusing and overwhelming. The swirling shapes make everything feel restless, like there’s a lot of emotion happening at once, which makes it interesting but also slightly disturbing."
Mystical
Mesmorized and in awe. Also calm.
surreal and cold like in a dream
"This painting makes me feel a sense of wonder and calm. The swirling patterns in the sky look like a dream, and the bright yellow stars provide a comforting glow against the deep blue night. It feels like looking out a window into a magical world where everything is alive and moving."
Melancholy
This painting also makes me sad but somehow calm and hopeful. Like there is something more than the sky.
Sleepy
So sad and gloomy and lonely
"This painting makes me feel peaceful and relax, let me imagine enjoy such a beautiful view ."
"very whimsical 

happy 

carefree

calm 

peaceful 

quiet"
sad but happy that the day is ending 
"This painting feels like a wonderful summer night. It makes me imagine standing outside under the night sky, feeling comfortable and peaceful. I would remember important moments from my life and think about memories that matter to me while enjoying the quiet beauty of the night."
"It gives me mixed feelings. The painting mesmerizes me and makes me in awe of its beauty. However, there's an unexplainable sadness about it. "
"sad, sorrow"
It makes me feel vibrant and lively.
"This painting makes me feel a mix of calm and emotional intensity. The night scene feels quiet and still, but the swirling patterns in the sky give it a sense of movement and energy, almost like the air itself is alive. The deep blues feel cool and peaceful, while the bright circles of light add warmth and a little bit of hope. It feels both slightly lonely and strangely comforting at the same time, as if I am standing somewhere small, looking up at something huge and beautiful."
"Reminds me of childhood since I painted in my high school. Also since it a starry night, i like it and it has a wicked and scary touch to it."
afraid  
Makes me feel the wonder of the nature.
"Calm, relaxed"
"Power, awe and humbleness. "
Uncanny but not too strange
"It makes me feel calm because of the swirls in the sky, which look beautiful. The moon also looks nice and it seems like a beautiful scene of the night sky. The little houses might have people sleeping inside, so the town is pretty quiet and empty. "
"Makes me feel restlessness and wonder as if I am looking at something beautifull but unsettling charged. I feel alive and sort or energized but also in turnmoil, "
I feel like I'm looking at a sky in motion. It makes me feel untethered to anything.
"Calm, peaceful "
"This makes me feel like a cool breeze, and makes me nostalgic for past memories."
I feel intrigued and captivated 
Like I'm in a dream
"Peaceful, content"
"Nostalgic, Cold, Warm, Sad, Sombre,  "
awe and maybe a little dizzy if I stare long enough
"It makes me feel wonderous, enchanted, mystified. "
small
"It makes me feel cold at first glance. After that, I feel a little bit dizzy."
The painting makes me feel peaceful and gives a sense of wonder. 
"At ease, but also concerned."
It makes me feel wonder and appreciate the beauty and magnificence of our world.
"weightless, calm, ect."
it makes me feel magical
"happy, hopeful, excited"
the paint technique feels offputting since it's all in lines
joyous
"It made me feel novel and very interesting. Although the pictures were unusual, they still aroused my great interest."
It makes me feel calm. The background is dramatic and makes me feel like I am in a dream and the world is spinning.
"A sense of longing, sadness"
"feels in awe, the sky looks interesting. would want to see it in person."
"Dizzy, a little bit unwell, but also felt peaceful at the same time"
"This painting makes me feel incredibly peaceful and happy. The rich blue colors feel very comforting to me, not cold at all. Seeing the small, warm lights in the village houses makes me feel a sense of safety and warmth. Even though the sky is moving with wind, the bright stars make the night look magical and beautiful, not scary. It feels like a perfect, dreamy night."
peaceful and gloomy
it make me feel calm and relax
夜色看似黑暗而静谧，但实际上画中的每一处都躁动不安。月亮和星星闪耀，房屋灯火通明，人们尚未入睡。这幅画仿佛在漂浮，躁动不安地漂浮着。
"Whimsical. Magical. Cold, but not in a bad way. Calm. Sleepy? Relaxed."
I feel an unnerving sense of chrysalism as the distorted sky exhibits illusionary movement over the tranquility of the village below.
"This painting makes me feel awe and wonder. The swirling sky and glowing stars feel magical and infinite, and it reminds me of why I love space so much."
"relaxed, happy, content, "
dizzy
Chaotic and confused
confused
Calm
"cold, dark, waves, tired, slow"
"It feels familiar, since almost everyone recognizes this artwork, but it also gives me a strong sense of warmth and comfort. The flowing movement makes it feel alive, while the colors create a calm, reassuring atmosphere."
Calm
"The painting makes me feel both calm but also a little restless. The scene is peaceful, but there is also a lot of movement in the sky, which makes me feel a little restless and curious."
"fancy, curious, calm"
"it gives me a feeling of a very chill night that i'd like to spend with my girlfriend along with cocktails. I would be imagining how the stars and comits flow, feeling how large and endless the universe is. "
It's a windy but warm summer night with sky full of stars. The drifting lights in the sky is the form of my joy. I have a joyful life with love and hope. 
"Calm, mysterious."
This painting makes me feel calm but a bit anxious at the same time since the swirls look like wind (perhaps a storm is coming).
"This painting makes me feel solemn and calm, as though I am sharing the beautiful view with only my thoughts. It feels as if I am gazing at the world below, experiencing a quiet moment of peace with myself."
"dazed, turmoil, nostalgic"
"It makes me feel happy, and calm."
it makes me feel excited yet calm
"ill and peaceful,  I know he's a great artist but I don't get it, especially his abstract pieces felt like 8 year old painting?"
Hopeful
"somber, gloomy"
this painting makes me feel serene and interconnected to the world.
It make me feel miserable and depressed.
good
"Makes me feel calm, mysterious, there is a sort of mystique about the town that is painted there."
I feel hopeful and calm. I also feel peaceful.
Dizzy
I feel relax
impressed
"This painting evokes a very calm yet somewhat melancholic feeling in me. The hazy night gives it a somber hue, but the bright, swirling night sky inspires endless imagination and dreams. Looking at this painting, I feel as if I'm trapped in a dream, utterly at peace."
It makes me feel like things are constantly moving and that they are always changing. Also that there is a lot in the universe that we don't understand but just observe.
Calming
"hopefull, there are bigger things in the universe making your problems seem small"
I like the painting but I almost want to say that it makes me feel overwhelmed. Possibly due to the numerous distinct lines.
"Overwhelmed by vast beauty, but lonely"
"Whimsical, bright, inspiring, nostalgic"
exciting
This painting makes me feel wonder and happiness about the night sky. It makes me feel adventurous like I'd want to travel to see how else nature can be beautiful.
"This painting makes me feel wonder and hopeful, an optimistic nihilism. "
"This painting makes me feel calm, peaceful, comforted, reflective, and quiet. "
"When I was 13, my mom had a Starry Night phone case. I loved it because the colouring and the flow were so fascinating.

 

Now, when I stare at this painting, I wish the flows were moving. I even tried to squint and see if the flows are moving in the illusion. Unfortunately, they did not.

 

The village under the sky seems so harmonic and peaceful. However, it also seems like a glass dome that people from this village are too innocent to know that if they leave this village, they will feel uncomfortable adapting to the bigger world."
"It makes me feel calm, safe, and a sense of community."
This painting makes me feel amazed. It feels as if I am being drawn into the picture. 
Lighthearted and peaceful. 
Peaceful
This painting makes me feel serene and at peace. 
It feels very calm and relaxing.
"The swirls in the night sky are captivating, and the glowing stars and moon outweigh the slightly ominous-looking tree in the foreground. It doesn't make me feel calm or content, but it does give the same effect as looking at the night sky -- something akin to getting swallowed, but peacefully. "
"This painting makes me feel calm, sleepy and a bit happy."
"The painting gives off a magical feel, and makes you feel awake, as if you're watching the world pass by. There's also a level of self awareness and clarity that you get when looking at the image itself."
Awestruck
"The peaceful and quiet night, gazing at the starry sky, brings a sense of serenity and calm. A relaxing and leisurely evening life."
"Happy, excited, vibrant."
The painting makes me feel calm and peaceful.
"It makes me feel calm, relaxed, and sleepy."
"This painting makes me feel reflective, appreciative, calm, and nostalgic."
The painting makes me feel calm.
"calm, relaxed, curious"
It bring me a feeling of dizzy 
Sleepy and gloomy
"Calm, peaceful, and content in the quiet and mild kind of way."
"The painting makes me feel restless, as it appears to be constantly moving due to the strokes of the wind and the hills. The sky appears to hypnotize with the swirling wind and stars. There is also a sense of darkness in the painting with the dark force of nature branching into the sky, far above the settlements. "
This painting makes me excited about life. It makes me want to explore places where I never went to before. It makes me want to deeply fall in love with someone and take awesome adventures together. 
"It makes me feel nice, it is a pretty sight to look at. It makes me imagine real life since it is shares some resemblance to it and elevates the view in a unique way. It is really cool and pretty."
Calm and peaceful as if I'm actually looking at a starry night.
"I feel not bad. In the quiet night, the sky doesn't seem static, but rather slowly moving; this view made me appreciate the beauty of the night sky.Very soothing and stress-relieving"
Awed and contented
worried
"this painting makes me feel a little dissy, even though it is a famous art work it doesn't really bring calm to me. However, it is a very special painting that I will stop by and look at it and try to feel what the painter is trying to express. "
Very cozy
"It makes me feel a bit chaotic, as though I were in a fever dream or drunk. It feels very whimsical."
anxious depressed
"This painting makes me feel wide awake and emotional at the same time—like my thoughts are moving fast, but there’s also a deep calm underneath.

 "
"Tired, isolated"
Cold
It makes me feel comfortable and calm and a bit dizzy.
"I feel at peace, wondrous, and infinite. "
The painting makes me feel like I am sitting in front of a warm campfire during the winter.
"This painting fills me with a sense of wonder and awe. The swirling movement in the sky creates a feeling of energy and dynamism, almost as if the universe is alive and breathing. It's both peaceful and exhilarating at the same time - the quiet village below contrasts beautifully with the turbulent, magical sky above."
Content and grateful for the world and peaceful. Makes me appreciate the world as is and find beauty in it.
"I felt the grandeur, the rhythm of celestial bodies, and the passage of time. It captured the beauty of the stars' movement. The colors are harmoniously applied, instantly immersing you in the scene."
"it feels quiet, calm, and slightly mystical or dreamy like a little unreal"
Chill
"dull, uninterested, mystical (but not really)"
"happy, calm, peaceful, simply enjoying.

It makes me sleepy."
"Joyful and calm, like the feeling of sailing in a small vessel in the middle of the sea during the night, watching endless sky."
"I've seen this painting a lot, so it's not very strong in conveying a new emotion to me. The painting is very beautiful, and grounds me into the beauty of the universe and how free-flowing it can feel."
It makes me feel serene and calm.
"Calm, intrigued and a bit weird"
peaceful
Attracted
"The painting makes me feel in awe of the beauty of the pictured night sky. It also gives me a sublime feeling, imagining the possibilities in the night sky."
This painting makes me feel peaceful.
It makes me feel very powerful but still very abstract.
"This painting makes me feel calm and peaceful, as if everything has slowed down and settled into a quiet moment. The soft glow of the night sky above the town creates a comforting and gentle atmosphere that feels safe and serene. It reminds me of warm childhood summer nights when everything felt simple and carefree. Looking at it gives me a sense of relief, like there is no pressure or stress, only stillness and beauty. Overall, the painting fills me with happiness and emotional comfort, making me feel relaxed and at ease."
It makes me feel whimsically sad. The blue swirls make me feel like I'm floating but the dark blue colors bring my mood down  
""
""
""
""
""
""
Sad
"This painting makes me feel in awe, like I’m looking at a beautiful night sky in real life. The art style isn’t realistic, but the thick brush strokes together form an enchanting skyline depiction, which makes me feel content by looking at it. "
Calm
It makes me feel like my neighbourhood is under some climate threat. 
comfy
It makes me feel awake and observant.
"Awe and wonder and the night sky, hope and brightness shining through a dark knight"
decent
Nostalgia
Makes me feel at peace.
"Hopeful, bewildered, and amazed."
"It makes me feel like I'm in the painted world, perhaps viewing the sky as someone who's lost their mind"
Relaxed
"Life keeps going on, it does not stop. The swirling feeling makes me feel like it is constantly moving and changing."
Happy 
It makes me want to look up at the sky
Nauseous
intense but comforting at the same time
"Small, Wondrous, Calm, Melancholic, Fuzzy, Relaxed"
"Amazed and in awe, it makes me miss clear night skies where I can see stars. It also feels cozy with a small town vibe."
silly
Good
"it makes me appreciate the night sky, since we can't see much of it in larger cities. "
it makes me feel content and happy
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
""
Very calm and peaceful.
Lots of uneasy emotions
It makes me feel calm and amused.
"I feel dizzy at  the first look.

I find comfort by looking down over the village."
It makes me feel calm and relaxed.
Calm
"Calm, attentive and engaged"
fantasy 
Peace and majesty 
Nighttime
Feel good
nostalgic and at ease
"Its calming feel, it reminds of the clam night sky on a quiet summer night. "
Relaxed
Makes me feel anxious and sad
calm
Calmer
"calm, peaceful"
This piece makes me feel calm and inspired; the swirling patterns and vibrant night sky give me a sense of wonder and tranquility.
"Calm, relaxed and content. It makes me feel accomplished and happy with my life. "
Relaxed
This painting makes me feel calm and at ease.
The painting makes me feel calm and starstruck as I enjoy the vibrant and deep colours filling the canvas.
"Awe-struck, like the scale of the universe is revealed to the viewer. The painting ignites in me a curiosity to see more, to explore, and to find my place in a vast universe. "
This painting makes me feel like a tiny fish in the ocean. There are much greater things than me around. 
Peaceful
"Wonder, hopeful"
Peaceful
I don't think there were many emotions that I felt. All I really noticed were the vibrant colors in the sky. Not only that but I also felt that the textures used throughout the painting were relatively unique.
comfortable
Calm
"peace, illusion"
it feels cold and dark
"Calming, peaceful, relaxed, awe, small, "
Alive and well.
Aggravated and Overwhelmed
Dreaming
It makes me feel intrigued.
mesmerized
calm
"awe inspired, sleepy, hypnotized"
"Dizzy, turbulent and anxious. "
Good
"Excited, filled with wonder, in awe"
"content, neutral, awe-struck"
"Trippy, empathetic and ethereal"
neutral
Sleepy
world is vast and beautiful
"Vast, distortion conflicts with tranquil, like dream, highly suppressed and constrained madness."
"This painting gives me nostalgia for a time when I saw the world in a much more beautiful light. It evokes the whimsy and magical energy within a child's mind. To see the night sky, so beautful and full reminds me of the totality of existence itself."
"some abstract feeling on the night sky, the stars"
Tranquility
"Calm, and quiet."
This painting makes me feel relaxed and makes me want to go out with friends.
dazed
"idk confusion, hypnotized almost"
peaceful
"This painting evokes nostalgia. It reminds me of when I first saw it, and who I was back then."
It makes me feel calm and relaxed. It makes me feel cold but the good kind like a cool breeze. It gives me a sense of peace and serenity. It makes me feel like I'm alone in the middle of the night where everything is quiet and I am closer to my thoughts.
"In awe, perhaps. I want to go to a place like that."
It makes me feel happy and in awe of the beauty in our universe.
"Calm, thoughtful, mystical."
nothing
"Amazed, in awe, somber, feel like exploring."
One of my favorite paintings. It makes me feel amazed and in awe.
It makes me feel calm. 
Makes me feel a little sad but not too much. Doesn't make me feel sad or happy or distraught or angry. 
relieved
"This painting gives me a feeling of serenity with the bright swirls in the blue sky, but also a bit of despair with the dark tree branching upwards. "
"Makes me feel loopy, and a bit disoriented. "
This painting makes me feel calm.
Anxious
I don't feel much of anything.
"Curious, in awe and lively"
"This painting makes me feel a bit confused, as in a little hazy, and maybe even a bit sad due to the way Vincent van Gogh has used the brush strokes to create that effect. "
It gives me a sense of awe mixed with a little bit of anxiety because everything is swirling so fast.
"familiar, sombre, calm, longing"
This painting makes me feel bright. It makes me feel cool like a Saturday night. This painting brings me excitement but also calmness. It makes me feel like going out or travelling. It has a familiar exciting comforting vibe.
Calm
"This feeling makes me feel neutral, and doesn't make me feel much."
awestruck
"It makes me feel emotional in a deep way. There’s a mix of calm and chaos, as if everything is moving, but somehow it still feels peaceful. It feels introspective and makes me think a lot."
"This painting makes me feel relaxed, like another day has gone by and things are going to be okay."
"Happy, Party night"
confused
Makes me feel calm
"I feel pretty neutral about it overall. The blue tones and the way everything kind of moves reminds me of the ocean, so it feels calming in that sense, but not in a super strong way."
Makes me feel a sense of calm wonder. 
It makes me feel happy.
It makes me feel cold and gloomy.
scared
It makes me feel awe and wonderful about how beautiful the night sky could be. 
"In a lot of awe and wonder at how large the universe is and just how small we are. Also lots of memories of camping in places where there's no light pollution. The crisp cold air hitting my lungs. You really feel sense of profound sadness, to be honest, it's like nothing matters in the grand scheme of things. "
"When I look at this painting, I feel excited and a little bit scared. It looks like a giant, magical storm is coming to attack the village. The sky is swirling like a big wave in the ocean. The stars look like they are exploding!

I feel like a hero needs to come and save the people in the houses. The village is very dark and quiet, so they don't know the sky is turning into a monster. It feels like the start of a big adventure movie."
Drowning in the endless night. Hopeless.
Sleepy and calm
Calm but also makes me want to take a long night walk in the city
Calm and relaxed
It makes me feel calm
It giving me a peace of mind
Calm
soothing
"I am a really big fan of this painting, its so intricate and it makes me feel excited"
"It makes me feel calm and thoughtful. The moving sky feels emotional, while the scene below feels quiet and peaceful."
" 

* The composition suggests inner turmoil or heightened emotional states"
" it makes me feel small in a good way, calm but thoughtful, like staring at the sky when you’re tired and letting your mind wander."
"This painting seems to represent a city full of lights under the moonlight. It gives an energetic vibe and a feeling to just be out there with people to enjoy with some food, party and other activities. It also feels somewhat calm in the sense that the painting contains moonlight and some form of stars/planets which makes want to appreciate nature as it is. In general it feels like a modern piece which was drawn in the past."
Makes me feel happy and free with all the stars and the swirls in the sky. 
It makes me feel calm and restless in a state of turmoil at the same time. 
This painting makes me feel calm and sleepy.
"This painting makes me feel calm, yet evokes a sentiment of loneliness and some darkness."
"This painting makes me feel cozy and content, because it is windy outside but everyone is warm in their houses, admiring the night sky."
"Unrealistic, dream, dark."
Makes me feel whimsical
It makes me feel peaceful and restful
"It makes me feel slightly sad, yet relaxed. It also makes me admire the painting."
Makes me feel a cool breeze while I'm laying in bed trying to fall asleep
chaotic and confused
"Inspired, calm, quiet and still."
Rather calm and collected. Nothing too emotion evoking in the painting.
This painting exhibits feelings of grandiose and hopefulness; there is also an element of serenity.
"Fills me with awe, inspiration, appreciation for nature and beauty. It calms me and it feels serene and larger than life. Very satisfied feeling."
this painting makes me feel calm
"Silent, longing, a little apprehensive. Like something could suddenly happen, but also stuck in time."
Tired
imaginary
It makes me feel a sense of awe and beauty
Beautiful
"Mysterious, and relax"
Makes me feel like im in medieval times
nostalgic
gloomy and calm
This painting makes me feel very calm and it feels like if I took a psychedelic and went star gazing.
Makes me feel creative and slightly sleeply.
"This painting makes me feel calm and relaxed, while also filling me with a sense of awe and the vastness of the universe."
"a child, dreaming, excited to see the future"
"It makes me feel calm, in wonder, serene."
Calm and sacred
After seeing that last image: hopeful
Breathless
It makes me feel cam as if I am viewing a starry night myself.
"wonder, calmness, nostalgia, peace"
"It makes me feel both calm and restless at the same time. The movement feels intense and emotional, but there’s also a sense of wonder and quiet reflection."
It makes me feel calm.
confused
Awe
"Chilly, would make me want to go outside for a night walk. "
"makes me feel nostalgic. I have a very similar, if not the exact same painting at home which my grandpa gave me. So i’m super nostalgic. "
Somewhere in between nostalgia and internal stress
It fascinates me and instills both a sense of calmness and doubt in me.
"awe-inspired, amazed"
"Awestruck, melancholic, and hopeful"
It makes me feel like I am travelling through a windy forest at night.
it makes me think about the stars
Calm
sad and dizzy 
"Makes me feel excited because of the movement of the sky,"
Sad
"Calm, serene, a little longing."
"its giving -- go with the flow vibes. Mysterious - in dramatic way., some murder investigation in that town perhaps?"
It makes me feel a bit sad. It kind of reminds me of the night time but like a sombre version of it. 
"Overall, very calm, but with a sense of yearning for something more. Maybe a slight nostalgia"
It makes me feel the peaceful nights
i love this painting! it makes me happy and content
This painting makes me feel calm.
it makes me wonder about the beauty of the world.
This painting makes me feel calm yet mildly perturbed. Like the weather is just barely too cold for comfort yet still not cold enough for you to want to leave.
Insignificant
"I feel mysterious within the painting, and brings me curiosity and hopeful feelings."
It makes me feel calm at during night time
"It makes me feel peaceful but emotional. Calm, inspired, and a little overwhelmed in a beautiful way."
nervous and mysterious
interested
"easy, clam"
"This painting makes me feel emotionally stirred and slightly unsettled, as if I’m witnessing the world through heightened senses."
It makes me feel sleepy.
"turmoil, calm, mixed emotions, storm is coming, ominous, anticipation, preparation, concern, awe, amazement, shock, peace, serenity"
"wonder, curious, distant, excited"
"Hopeful, intrigued, dreamy"
Optimistic
"this painting is a bit more complex than the last one. Some of the feelings it invokes is sombreness, calmness and peaceful."
This painting makes me feel a bit bored because the painting's a classic and I've seen it many times. It also makes me feel a bit chilly or a bit cold on the inside. It's not my favourite painting. I like the swirls and the different blues. 
Awe
"Very nostalgic, out in the country vibes."
"This painting makes me feel peaceful but also a little calm. The bright, swirling sky feels full of energy, like the world is alive and moving, even at night."
"whimsical, magical, appreciative of nighttime, peaceful"
"Feels calm, peaceful. It reminds me of how beautiful the night sky is when there are less light pollution."
"Content, nostalgic. Like I’m revisiting a small town that I grew up in and haven’t visited in a long time. "
Normal
Sleepy
It makes me feel calm. It makes me feel as though I am a spectator of something quiet and beautiful. I feel like there's a bit of mystique in the atmosphere coming from this painting. 
"Nostalgic, since it's one of the few paintings I can actually remember from a young age."
calm
"Makes me feel happy, as it is a nice view that shows the beauty of our skies. As we look from afar we see the contrast between nature and man made buildings."
This painting makes me feel small but hopeful
calm
It makes me feel a sense of wonder and freedom. 
lonely
Calm
This painting makes me feel sort of impressed but not too much really. It looks like it was pretty easy to paint and I think how the sky looks like ocean is cool.
"It reminds me of a Disney movie, but other than that it does not really make me feel anything in particular."
"It makes me feel like there's an intense world out there, which we haven't even scratched the surface of."
Peaceful and calm. Energetic.
feel dark
"calm, curious, tranquil, "
"This painting makes me a feel a variety of emotions. There is a sense of restlessness, but also of awe and wonder. It feels very mystical. "
It makes me feel amazed by its beauty and moved by the intensity of it. 
A bit in wondrous.  
Reminds me of a video game I have played. A map called 'Der Eisendrache'
The painting makes me feel a sense of whimsy. As if it were magical.
It makes me feel calm.
wimsically dreadful
"calm and somewhat happy

 "
Makes me feel cozy like I just had a nice day and now get to look up at the sky to end the day
Beauty. Nature. Love. Gratitude. Light. hope. smooth and calm. 
"This painting makes me feel calm as it represents moments when one can think by themselves and really ponder what they'd like to see. It represents peace in some way, the calmness through this painting can be felt in every section of the painting.  "
"makes me feel calm, sleepy, relaxed, inspired to take in more of life, grounded, want"
It makes me feel wonder regarding the nature of our world.
"This painting overwhelmingly makes me feel a sense of peace and contentment. Moreover, when I look at this painting I feel like it represents the beauty in the world being so much bigger than what might immediately meet the eye. "
confused
whimsical
I feel a sense of awe and wonder
Somewhat calm and flowy because of the wave pattern and nighscape
"Hollow, open, enlightened, lonely. "
"relaxed, hopeful, contemplative"
"Calm, content."
calm and sleepy
Happy
bad
"Comforting, yet melancholy"
It makes me a feel a little happy. The ideas of seeing the stars so clearly in night makes me a little happy at the thought of being able to witness something like that.
Chaos and disorder
Sleepy
I feel relaxed as I would looking up at the night sky on a calm evening.
emptiness like the void of the night sky.
The painting feels like an ordinary warm summer night. It is very comfortable and hits right at home. It is reminiscent of a beautiful night where the viewer themselves have a bright future ahead of them.
Nothing sparked or rather no distinct emotion was present as I was viewing this painting.
"dreamy, sleepy, airy, light, imaginary, inspired."
Calm
"This piece feels dreamlike and distant, yet chaotic and disordered."
The contrast between the bright stars and the muddy landscape is very emotive.
"This painting makes me feel a strong mix of calm and emotional intensity. The swirling motion and vibrant colors create a sense of energy and restlessness, as if the scene is constantly moving. At the same time, the quiet atmosphere gives me a feeling of reflection and solitude. It feels slightly overwhelming but also comforting, as though it captures both inner turmoil and peace at once."
I can feel the vivid movement. All the swirls and tiny tracks of brush feel to be very active.
"This painting makes me feel joyful, the painting appears to have stopped in time to greet me."
"seems dreamy so makes me feel happy and appreciative, as well as a little dreamy and thoughtful"
it makes me feel small and insignificant
"This painting makes me feel at peace. The bright sun, along with the glowing surrounding stars, makes the atmosphere feel easy. Moreover, the whirls of wind in the background is very calming. The colour contrast reminds me of sunrise, signifying a new day.   "
I feel good looking at this paint because I'm aware of the countless techniques behind this painting which is what makes it so impressive 
"It feels like I'm staring at the sky while tripping on acid, and I can't look away."
"The painting makes me feels disoriented, because of the numerous spiral patterns found in it. The darker background of the painting gives it a depressing tone, which is contrasted by the bright moon in the sky."
"This painting makes me feel calm and safe, as the dark sky is lit up and seems to be windy and snowy with the town in the near distance being in for the night and the cooler colors imply winter and that combined with a cold storm night evokes feelings of being a child in a warm blanket, safe and sounds while the storm rages outside."
"makes me feel small in a big world, and lonely."
I feel the calm and whimsical
Gloomy and calm. I would be sitting near my window to look at the sky and it would look like this. 
"Because I know the story behind the artwork, it makes me feel a form of dread, just thinking about what the artist went through while painting this."
"A bit turbulent. The way the night sky is drawn, in a way that makes it appear windy, makes what would otherwise be a serene painting convey feelings of chaos and unrest."
The painting makes me feel calm and easy.
"It gives a sense of wonder as it shows a different perspective of the skies above, painting in a way that seems unrealistic but seems like it could be possible, or an idealistic view of the sky, full of wonder and charm."
"Neutral, mostly. "
"Cold and windy - like a storm is coming, which would unnecessarily disturb a peaceful little town, but it is beautiful since it seems to know something about death and hope."
i feel wonder
"This painting makes me feel unsettled and agitated, due to the juxtaposition between a quiet and uneventful town and the large black spire. This painting elicits a fear of the unknown because of the looming, swirling dark object towering above the town. "
intrigued
It makes me feel calm
"unreal, illusion "
Neutral
"feel kind of wavy, nothing really in particular."
"Calm, at ease."
it makes me feel happy and wonder about the stars and the overall landscape of the painting.
This painting makes me feel whimsical and curious. 
Nice
"I feel in awe. The world around us is so big. Sometimes even what we find alien has been there before us. I feel like I'm in one of those houses. Reading a book in this rustic settlement, hoping to one day go out to see the world. Perhaps in the day where it won't be so bright."
It makes me feel shiny and live in the star sky.
Peaceful and comfortable
It makes me feel happy and wonderous
makes me feel excited and hopeful
calm and relaxed
"make me feel strange, again feels like something takes drug and draw this"
nauseous
Mysterious
a comforting and calming feeling
relaxing
"Sad, calm, comforted"
It makes me feel calm and sombre
"Confused as I don't see anything special about this, not feeling much as the starry sky is represented by swirls which makes it seem confusing"
The painting makes me feel calm and at ease
It makes me feel a bit tight or in a tight place
This painting makes me feel hopeful
"This painting makes me feel quiet, chaos, and mysterious. "
moody and contemplative 
This painting makes me feel very happy and calm. I love the starry night paired with the dark building (I'm assuming) on the side. The stars which are bright and amidst the 'chaos' in the sky is very calming and reflects how there's hope amidst turmoil in life. 
